fix: unclear documentation on NamespaceDefaultLabelName feature gate (#41798)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces.md

## Automatic labelling

> {{< feature-state for_k8s_version="1.22" state="stable" for_k8s_version="1.23" state="removed" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="1.22" state="stable" >}}
```

We didn't remove this feature in v1.23 (we removed the _feature gate_, which is different)

The Kubernetes control plane sets an immutable {{< glossary_tooltip text="label" term_id="label" >}}

> `kubernetes.io/metadata.name` on all namespaces, containing the namespace name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kubernetes.io/metadata.name` on all namespaces.
The value of the label is the namespace name.
```

It might seem like too much detail; in technical documentation though, it helps to be clear.
